Moving to s3-deploy-action (#1455)
concord-consortium/collaborative-learning: README.md

## Deployment

Deployments are based on the contents of the /dist folder and are built automatically by GitHub Actions for each branch and tag pushed to GitHub.

Branches are deployed to `https://collaborative-learning.concord.org/branch/<name>/`.

Tags are deployed to `https://collaborative-learning.concord.org/version/<name>/`

You can view the status of all the branch and tag deploys [here](https://github.com/concord-consortium/collaborative-learning/actions).

The production release is available at `https://collaborative-learning.concord.org`.

> Production releases are done using a manually GitHub Actions workflow. You specify which tag you want to release to production and the workflow copies that tags `index-top.html` to `https://collaborative-learning.concord.org/index.html`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Production releases are done using a manual GitHub Actions workflow. You specify which tag you want to release to production and the workflow copies that tag's `index-top.html` to `https://collaborative-learning.concord.org/index.html`.
```
